[Box] Remove the `clone` prop (#26031)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/box/box.md

For instance, you can change the margin this way.

However, sometimes you have to target the underlying DOM element.
As an example, you may want to change the border of the Button.
The Button component defines its own styles. CSS inheritance doesn't help.
To workaround the problem, you have two options:

> 1. Use the [`sx`](/system/basics/#the-sx-prop) prop directly in the child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the [`sx`](/system/basics/#the-sx-prop) prop directly on the child if it is Material-UI component

```

```diff
-<Box sx={{ border: '1px dashed grey' }}>
-  <Button>Save</Button>
-</Box>
+<Button sx={{ border: '1px dashed grey' }}>Save</Button>
```

> 2. Use render props

Reviewer 2: It looks like we can drop this as well. It was added to solve the same problem that `sx` handles now.

Maybe a follow up or in the same PR? I mean, the problem we go after is the same, so happy with both.

Author: A follow up PR is better for the release notes.
